Welcome to the Ocean Studio here of the
Yahowah Blog.
It's my pleasure to be with you.
It's been a rather stormy day in the
midst of the Caribbean Sea,
so we're glad to be able to sneak
this one in between the rain showers and
the gusty wind.
We're going to resume with the Thirteenth
Mizmowr or Psalm of Dowd in just a
moment,
but I'd like a little introductory time
and to share what we have decided upon.
I began to analyze our situation in social
media and realized that I was spending
most of my time between X and Facebook.
And we had others that were managing,
and quite well, many YouTube channels.
I think we have six of them,
as well as places like Rumble and Odyssey,
Instagram, TikTok.
Patron Rumble.
How's that for a list off the top
of my head?
Anyway, and what I realized is that, well,
we had achieved, you know,
reasonable success at X and at Facebook
over a year's time without advertising,
really just on the merit of the post.
we gained about eight thousand followers
between X and Facebook.
And it might not sound like much to
some people,
but when you realize that we have a
message that speaks against everything
that is popular on X and Facebook,
and is attacked by the thought police of
x and facebook that's a pretty decent
accomplishment because we are vehemently
opposed to maga pure insanity and Marxist
complete ignorance I've written five books
to denounce Christianity and five books to
denounce Islam
We speak in favor of the least popular
country and people on earth, Jews,
and yet we are opposed to Judaism.
I am vehemently opposed to anti-Antisemitism
and to racism,
which are rampant on both X and Facebook.
And so when you realize that we're opposed
to everything that they champion and
promote and thrive upon,
And in favor of things like Yahowah,
the covenant, his Towrah,
which are completely neglected and have no
interest to anyone, including Jews.
He realized that to have eight thousand
followers and friends between X and
Facebook was a pretty decent
accomplishment in a year's time.
But something has happened to both of
those sites and they changed radically
after our first year using them.
And that is that Zuckerberg and Musk
cozied back up to Trump.
And Trump is a real demon.
Everything with Trump is a deal.
And his deals are typically bribes and
blackmail.
You play with him and he shares the
bribes.
You go against him and he will blackmail
you.
And so what we've watched over this period
of time is things like Ellison being able
to pursue any merger he wants with
Paramount and CBS.
He does this in lockstep with Trumpism,
funding Trumpism.
And he gets a sweetheart deal to buy
TikTok and has control of it.
And he agrees to turn CBS into Fox,
too.
firing everybody who is of any interest
and any credibility at CBS to set that
up.
You find Musk realizing that Trump is a
snake and then going back and putting his
nose up Trump's behind because, well,
he realized that he's got no businesses
without government handouts and Trump held
the keys.
But in so doing, oh God,
X has become absolutely useless and X has
changed the way that it handles its feed.
Rather than me interacting with those that
I was following,
which were almost exclusively Israelis,
that my target audience on X was Israelis.
So I followed every Israeli of any
consequence that was posting and
interacting with them.
We were communicating together and then X
changed the way that it did business.
Musk announced it and he said that Grok
is going to determine what you see in
your feed.
And I stopped completely seeing anything
from Israelis because, well...
X is anti-Semitic.
And so the feeds from anyone who supports
Israel are throttled, including my own.
So I saw nothing,
nothing from all of those posters that I
had worked to develop a relationship with.
Nothing.
And all I got was Musk propaganda,
which is despicable.
And MAGA propaganda,
which is even more despicable.
And anti-Semitic
drivel from the Candace Owens and the
Tucker Carlsons that have their platforms
anchored there.
And so what happened with X is rather
than having a steady growth,
we just hit a wall and actually began
to have a steady degradation of
interactions.
And so there was a loyal following among
the Covenant family and very supportive,
which I appreciate.
But outside of that,
we were not reaching anybody new and
certainly not our target audience,
which made it a waste of time,
really a waste of time.
We can communicate with one another in a
much better environment than jumping into
that cesspool of racism and anti-Antisemitism
and anti-Israelism.
We don't need to be there.
to communicate with one another,
and they're not allowing us to communicate
with those we're trying to help.
A complete and utter waste.
And I realized it,
there's no reason to do that anymore.
Thirty plus thousand posts for just over
two thousand followers,
what a waste of effort.
X may have free speech,
but it's got no reach, none.
Complete and utter waste of time.
Now, Facebook was, I thought,
a fairly congenial environment.
And Zuckerberg,
after being tied as a liberal to
democratic politics,
realized how maniacal the Democrats were
and how egregious they were in terms of
trying to control social media to win the
last election.
And
He just really had his fill of it
and he pulled off his thought police,
which means that our twenty twenty five
was extraordinary.
We went from nothing and in a year
to over five thousand friends and then
turn the account because that's the
maximum number you can have into a
professional accountant and increased up
to I don't know what it is, but.
six thousand or so and then we hit
a wall an absolute wall and the wall
seemed to coincide with them first
flagging the account for me telling you
the truth about Islam uh the first was
so egregious that it's uh it's astonishing
that you could have a computer
make such a horrendous blunder.
I posted,
and it's actually for the fourth time,
the video that shows what the Muslims did
on October seventh.
Now they didn't flag it for violence,
nope.
They flagged it because they said I was
supporting terrorism.
And the whole purpose of posting it and
writing about it was to demonstrate
conclusively using the Muslim GoPro
video that they shot and that they posted
that it was Muslims in tenni rompers
committing most of those horrendous acts
and that they were screaming Allahu Akbar
the whole time.
And they actually did with the Israelis
claim that they had done to them.
And it was vicious and it was absolutely
maniacal and it was absolutely Islamic.
And there was no question about any of
this from the video evidence.
And that by showing this, by exposing it,
by condemning it,
I'm trying to discourage terrorism.
And yet I was flagged for encouraging it.
I mean, you can't be that stupid,
Facebook, but you were.
And you gave absolutely no means to
resolve that grievance.
Your mistake,
and you gave no means to resolve it.
Nothing.
And it still sits there as a scar
of Facebook's utter stupidity.
The next two occurred when you decided to
install third party fact checkers.
And these are absolutely biased idiots.
I was making posts where somebody put into
my feed something that happened in Sydney.
Recall in the beach in Sydney,
where on Hanukkah,
a number of Jews were slaughtered by two
Muslims, a father and son.
And I associated that slaughter with the
Quranic instructions.
The Quran is very clear in the eighth
surah.
It says that all Muslims must have either
died killing for Allah or they will die
killing for Allah.
And that the Pledge of Aqaba demands that
Muslims wage war against all mankind.
These are not opinions, they're facts,
they're irrefutable facts.
And so I shared my understanding of Islam,
which by the way,
exceeds their fact checkers a thousand
fold.
No one has better credentials in terms of
understanding Islam as it was written
by Allah and Muhammad and the first
Muslims than I do.
I've written
five volumes,
four thousand two hundred pages,
where the only evidence is the Quran and
the Islamic Hadith from the most credible
sources.
I am the person who took the Quran,
reordered it chronologically,
setting it into the context of Muhammad's
life,
and using the Hadith to explain what the
Quran actually says,
while offering five different translations
of the Quran, including my own,
in addition to all of these Hadith,
five volumes.
Eight hundred and twenty five pages
apiece.
Absolute irrefutable proof that what I say
about Islam is true.
And I can back it up.
And yet you had the gall,
the utter stupidity to trust your biased
Islamic quasi fact checkers over the man
who has written the most complete guide to
Islam based upon Mohammed's and Allah's
words ever composed.
And.
When I pointed out that fact,
tried to point it out because you have
the worst customer service on earth.
There is no way to communicate with you.
You get a couple of radio buttons and
oh, that's it.
You're utterly ridiculous.
And then the last three strikes,
two of them, you served up the feed.
You promoted a feed of information that I
did not solicit from people that I was
not following.
So it says you were promoting it.
And all I did was comment on how
ridiculous it was.
And you flagged me for cyber security
issues when all I did was comment on
the feeds that you provided,
that you promoted.
And you still can't get that right when
I brought it to your attention.
And you know that I didn't initiate.
those images or those posts.
And you know I didn't change them.
And you know that all I did was
comment on them to say how ridiculous they
were.
And then after all of that,
you flagged the account again,
this time saying that the image was
altered.
Hell yeah, it was altered.
I didn't alter it, however.
It's the problem on Facebook.
A huge percentage of the images presented
on Facebook have no bearing whatsoever to
reality.
I didn't create the image.
Not only did somebody else created the
image, you sent it to me.
I did not solicit it.
It did not come from anyone I was
following.
Did not come from one of my friends.
You promoted it.
And it was trash.
So.
You created the problem and then you blame
your customer.
How ridiculous is that?
But the problem here is the same thing
as on X because of the fact that
your algorithms have shut down our reach.
So rather than growing at a very
prestigious rate and enjoying the service
and reaching many,
many Facebook customers,
all of a sudden we went flat.
totally flat and have stayed that way even
with upwards of a hundred posts a day.
So we're not reaching anyone new.
All we're doing is communicating within
our community.
I can do that better on our website.
What do I need you?
So we've decided we're going to disengage
from both.
We'll use them sparingly.
between now and the time that we have
a community set up at YadaYah.com.
YadaYah.com is a vastly better website than
is X, and that is Facebook.
It is far more educational.
It is obviously far more accurate.
It is far more interactive already.
But we will present...
A community experience,
an interactive opportunity that will be
vastly better than what you're
experiencing now on Facebook and on X.
And you get out of the swamp and
you get away from the hostile,
hateful bias that exists there.
So if you were to think that for
some reason that I am complaining, oh, no,
I am delighted that it's come to this.
We did our best.
We made great progress.
And they have become inhospitable.
There is no reason for us to throw
our pearls before these swine.
We're out of there.
We will disengage as we establish and
replicate a vastly better community on our
own website.
So that is what I want you to
know about,
and that's what we're going to do.
The places we will continue to invest time
and energy, surprisingly,
the place that I thought would be the
most difficult for us to operate would be
YouTube,
because YouTube had this horrible history
of flagging people for all manner of
problems and when I'm not happy with
facebook because our youtube because they
make validating your site exceedingly
difficult and they have absolutely no
customer service uh you go in circles
trying to solve a problem with uh with
youtube so they're horrible from that
point of view uh but the fact is
that
Our videos reach a larger audience there.
The hours that our audience listens to
them are very significant.
And the period of a year,
we have doubled at our largest subscriber
site,
upwards now past to four thousand
subscribers.
And on our next site from subscribers down
from there,
gone from nothing in a year to three
thousand.
The subscriber site that actually has the
most interaction between Covenant Family
is the one that has gone from nothing
to around six hundred subscribers.
But it has just stunning numbers on hours
of video listens and numbers of listens.
interactions with our Covenant family,
and so we're going to continue to use
those six sites.
We have six on YouTube,
and we'll continue to post things on
Odyssey and Rumble and TikTok,
although TikTok is not really our
audience.
If it's two blinks, it's too long.
But Instagram to some degree,
and we will continue to use Patreon and
others,
and we will see what happens from there.
And I realize that most people would limit
their YouTube accounts to a single one to
maximize the algorithms.
But there's also a risk that's associated
with that,
and that these accounts have been so
egregious and
coming up with all imaginary violations
for really no cause and giving you no
remedy,
that I'd rather not be in a position
where one person owns all the accounts or
we have just one account.
I'd rather have a lesser viewership,
have quality interactions and have more
stability,
which is what we have with multiple
accounts there,
multiple opportunities for people to view
what we are sharing from Yahowah.
My thought process too is that at this
point,
we really have very little chance after
now almost twenty-five years of doing this
that we're going to find people that are
going to find us, listen to us,
decide to read the books
read them spend that much time reading
them learn from them accept what god has
to say from them embrace Yahowah's name
embrace his son as our savior and then
literally engage based upon what they've
learned so they can demonstrate to Yahowah
that they're worthy of participating in
the upcoming harvest
there really isn't enough time to think
that that's going to materialize.
So I think we're going into the harvest
with the active family members that we
have now, the mature and standing grain,
and that what we are doing instead of
trying to reach additional people at this
time is to build a digital footprint,
to build the home of Yahowah online.
and that what we are attempting to build,
and it is becoming spectacular now,
particularly with that translation
presentation, and it's just so well done.
And then in addition to the translation
presentation,
the glossary that is connected to it,
and then in addition to that,
the best ever presentation of the Dead Sea
Scrolls.
which has so many spectacular features and
the way that it works.
This is really extraordinary what we have
done.
And the timeline is spectacular.
It's going to get better.
The blog is good,
but it'll get much better.
The music section is wonderful.
The books are spectacular with the page
turning feature and also PDFs and also
redone now at Amazon.
This is really a marvelous project.
intellectual stimulating visually
attractive intuitive site that works on
every possible uh instrument and soon we
will have a better than facebook better
than x experience for sharing ideas and
images and comments and interacting with
one another and that is where we are
headed and delighted to be out of the
swamp and to be free to express ourselves
and our love for Yahowah and his beloved
son.
So with that introduction to the majestic
conductor, Natsach,
to approach and on behalf of the
everlasting director, a song of Dowd,
the beloved.
So as we
approach the questions which will soon be
placed before us.
We can envision Dowd representing Yisrael
and Yahuwdah, and he did.
He was the best of them and the
worst of them,
all wrapped up into one man,
which was the intent of the whole thing.
It's one of the things that I have
just reveled in here recently as we have
learned that
tamym,
the Hebrew word that is typically
translated or represented as perfect,
doesn't mean that at all.
It's from the verb tamam,
and it means to complete, to finish.
And what God is asking of us is
the one thing that he did not get
from Adam,
which is why he ended the garden
experience.
He wants us not only be observant and
responsive,
but to complete the job,
to show that we can be relied upon,
such that if we make a mistake,
we correct it and learn from it,
such that if we trip and fall,
we get back up and get going again.
This is what it means to finish the
job.
And rather than being perfect,
God wants us to make mistakes.
He wants us to trip and fall,
because when we make mistakes,
when we trip and fall, as did Dowd,
and we learn from it,
and we get up and get going again,
we develop character and backbone and
grit,
and we determine that we gain confidence
and we prove to Yahowah,
determining to ourselves and to others
that we can be trusted.
The worst thing of all is to be
in a challenging situation with someone
who has no experience,
that have been entitled all their lives,
that have done nothing.
No,
what you want is somebody that's been
there, that's done that,
that's crawled out of that foxhole and
prevailed and shown that they can not only
handle themselves,
but they can take care of others around
them.
And that's what God is looking for.
And that is one of the reasons that
made Dowd so ideal because he,
like Israel, fell all over himself.
He made all manner of mistakes,
but he got them corrected.
But when he tripped and fell,
he got back up again.
So that being the case.
He is asking God how much more time
will pass before he gets the opportunity
to re-engage with his people because they
have tripped and fallen all over
themselves and they haven't gotten up
again.
They're still wallowing in their mistakes.
So it's also possible that these inquiries
can be answered within the scope of the
struggle for souls between Dowd and Sha'uwl.
And the Sha'uwl I'm talking about is not
the one that was the political leader
of... Excuse me.
I do not know what just got into
the...
The Wookie,
but it seems like it was ferocious.
Little Qara went off to the vet today
because she needed spayed.
She was even though she is very young,
she was already becoming more womanly than
than the
various furniture in the house could
handle, if you know what I mean.
And so it was good to get her
spayed.
This will help.
And so she was off at the vet
today and she may have just returned and
this may be Wookie celebrating the
occasion for all I know.
Anyway,
that is what I think just took place.
So the Sha'uwl that is forecast by even
the actions of King Sha'uwl,
the people's choice for king,
who they said they wanted to be like
the gowym. He
manipulated the Towrah for his own
interests,
just as did the other Sha'uwl that is
the one that Dowd is struggling against,
that one known as Paul.
He introduced himself as Sha'uwl,
and that was his Hebrew given name.
It means to question him.
It's synonymous with Sheowl, hell.
And he opposed the Towrah,
just like King Saul.
But also...
The wannabe apostle Saul, Paul,
attacked Dowd, robbed him, plundered him,
harassed him, buried him.
And this was the intent of the King
Saul.
So it's a prophecy one to the other.
And then on top of all of that,
we are told that King Saul.
was demon-possessed.
And Paul,
the author of the first fourteen books in
the Christian New Testament,
admitted that he was demon-possessed.
So they are a match.
And in the case of the Sha'uwl that
became Paul,
he is one of the few people that
Yahowah calls out by name.
to denounce,
six hundred and sixty-six years, yes, six,
six, six,
before Paul wrote his opening salvo,
his letter to the Galatians,
introducing the counterfeit misnomer,
Jesus Christ,
Yahowah called Paul the plague of death and
delineated everything he would do to
create Christianity and renounced it.
So he is the most disingenuous, most evil,
maniacal,
deadly, and demonic person who ever lived.
Paul.
And so this is the one who has
sought to rob Dowd of his titles, Messiah,
Son of God, Chosen One,
and returning King, as well as Savior.
And to give all that Dowd accomplished,
even being crucified on Passover in
thirty-three CE to his mythical Jesus,
it means that there is no person in
human history that God despises more or
that is more destructive to his beloved
son.
than is Paul,
the author of the first fourteen books of
the Christian New Testament.
So they can be projected toward the
conflict between the Messiah and the
author of the New Testament and thus
Christianity.
And also then to Judaism's response,
which Judaism decided that they would
attack what
Paul had conceived in his false messiah
with a false messiah of their own,
Bar Kokhba.
Bar Kokhba is a response to Jesus Christ,
the false messiah of Paul.
Two religions,
both born out of assailing Dowd.
So based upon the statements which follow,
the questions,
particularly as presented and the
conclusion of the Mizmowr thirteen two of
this statement,
the latter interpretation becomes,
I think, the most reasonable approach,
thereby shaping the translation of these
questions.
So let me share it with you.
It says, Yahowah, for how long,
especially on behalf of the enduring
witness,
will you allow me to be overlooked?
Enduring eminence for what extent of time
will you conceal the direct and close
association of your presence with regard
to me?
This is truly...
an amazing prophecy.
And I shake my head because how is
it that the religions of Judaism and
Christianity emerged with false messiahs
when there is this kind of testimony from
Dowd,
whom Yahowah says on numerous occasions
that he anointed him as his Messiah.
where Yahowah says,
he is my son and I am his
Father on numerous occasions,
and he calls him his firstborn, bikuwr.
Where Yahowah says, on numerous occasions,
he is my chosen one.
Where Yahowah says that he is going to
return as king and that his sovereignty
and position of honor will endure through
all time.
Where Yahowah says, he is Elyown,
almighty God in our presence.
And yet,
rabbis and the likes of Peter and Paul,
Mark and Luke, raped Dowd,
of all of these distinctions,
to create the myth of Jesus Christ and
Bar Kokhba?
Are you out of your ever-loving minds?
It's just astonishing that religious
charlatans can be that evil.
in creating the Talmud and the New
Testament.
And that for years,
Christians could be this naive.
All of these Christians,
all of these preachers,
all of these posts, you know,
growth of the churches and all of the
different denominations,
and not one person,
not a single person in three thousand
years figured this out.
And it's obvious
It's just aggravating to realize that I'm
speaking,
no present company within the covenant
family accepted, to ignoramuses.
I mean, to be religious,
you have to be ignorant and irrational.
You have to be belligerent towards God.
Listen to what he said.
This is Dowd, the beloved son of God,
who God has said in his testimony,
read the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
that Dowd is his son,
that he is his Father,
that he is the chosen one,
that it was through Dowd that he
established the covenant,
that Dowd is the king forevermore,
that his throne will endure throughout
time.
and that He is the Passover lamb,
the Zarowa,
the one who fulfilled Passover, Matsah,
and Bikkurym in thirty-three CE,
becoming our Savior.
He is all of those things and more,
literally Elyown,
the very influence of God in our presence.
And this is that same individual, Dowd.
But keep in mind, too,
there isn't a single mention of a Jesus
or a Christ or a Bar Kokhba anywhere
in the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
Not one mention ever.
There are eleven hundred statements that
include Dowd's name.
And every major prophecy is given by,
oriented by,
spoken of Down and he's named in most
of them and yet twistians and Jews for
Judaism have ignored all of this spit in
God's face antagonize the almighty
Denying what he said while pretending that
they are worshiping.
I mean, these idiots that Jesus is King.
Jesus is returning.
Jesus is the savior.
Jesus is God.
What nonsense.
It absolutely unequivocally is the
opposite of what God said.
For you to make those claims,
you are calling God a liar.
And it's obvious God is not a man.
Men cannot kill God.
Resurrection is pagan.
Look at the Egyptians.
It is so preposterous.
So.
The real son of God, the actual Messiah,
the returning king forevermore said,
Yahowah.
He knew Yahowah's name.
How many times do you find Yahowah's name
in your New Testament?
Zero.
How many times do you find Yahowah's name
in the Talmud?
Zero.
How many times do you find Yahowah's name
in the Quran?
Zero.
Guess who didn't inspire those books?
Yahowah.
For how long?
especially on behalf of the enduring
witness,ad'mah.
By the way, Dowd was a prophet.
He wrote a lot of prophecies,
even about himself.
The twenty-second and eighty-eighth
Mizmowr Psalms are about him fulfilling
Passover and Matsah and Bikuwrym.
And he is Gabriel, not an angel.
It's clear.
It says it's a man,
and Gabar from Gabriel,
God's most courageous and competent man,
means man of God that does these things.
It's Gabriel who visited with Daniel,
and he had Mykael, his cohort, with him,
greater and lesser luminary.
He told you exactly the day that he
would arrive to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
And then he did it exactly on that
day.
And everything that he said was true.
And yet,
Twistians used Daniel nine to pretend that
there was a prophecy of a coming Messiah
when it's not even a prophecy of a
coming Messiah.
It is the actual Messiah telling you when
he was going to fulfill Matsah,
something that doesn't even occur in
Christianity because their wannabe man,
God, was taking a nap.
on that day,
and there's no correlation with Passover,
nor is there any correlation with Bikuwrym
because they changed it to the Babylonian
holiday of Easter.
I mean, humans, religious humans,
and those morons that follow them,
Twistians, Muslims, Haredi, you're stupid.
Yahowah, for how long,
especially on behalf of the enduring
witness,
will you allow me to be overlooked?
That's the essence of it.
Christianity is the robbing and
overlooking,
for Dowd to endure losing his
significance, thought of improperly,
ceased to be cared about,
essentially forgotten.
He's just the boy that threw the stone.
And yet he is our savior.
He's the returning king.
He's the Messiah.
He's the son of God.
He is the one who enabled the benefits
of the covenant.
And there's no other way to God other
than through the covenant.
He fulfilled the first three.
He is returning on the sixth.
He is king of the seventh.
And yet religions have completely
overlooked him, lost his significance,
improperly presented him,
and given credit to all manner of
forgeries and frauds.
He calls then Yahowah enduring eminence.
It's that same word that began so many
of these Mizmowr, these psalms.
Natsach, majestic and everlasting guide,
permanent and preeminent,
distinguished leader, perpetual conductor.
It's a title he uses for God.
Nice title, I think, too.
For what extent of time will you conceal
the direct and close association of your
presence with regard to me?
Spirit of Yahowah came upon Dowd when he
was eight years old,
and God said it stayed with him
forevermore.
His second life, spirit,
was with him during that entire time in
thirty-three C.E.
as he's fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
The spirit will be upon him as he
returns as king in twenty thirty three on
Yowm Kipurym.
The closest relationship between man and
God that has ever been and will ever
be is with.
Father and son, Yahowah and Dowd.
You want to argue,
take it up with God.
Oh, by the way,
he won't listen to you because you are
adverse to him.
He does not listen to people that are
Go spit in the mirror.
See how it works for you.
Lyrics to be sung, Psalm thirteen one.
I think it's one of the most devastating
crimes ever perpetrated with the most
horrific consequences for God and his
people.
And yet it would be twenty two years
into devoting ten hours a day,
sometimes fourteen to sixteen,
six and seven days a week,
translating and contemplating Yahowah's
words before I discovered it.
It started with one prophecy and indeed
with one word, Asher,
in the second Samuel seven,
a text that I've translated some twenty or
thirty times.
And then in the related Yasha'yah,
Isaiah nine, six, we realize that Gibowr,
the most competent and courageous of men,
spoke of Dowd.
It's Dowd's name who is mentioned in the
midst of the psalm.
So obviously it spoke of Dowd.
The prediction and the term led Jews to
long ago realize that the misnomer Jesus
couldn't be the Mashyach.
He doesn't qualify.
Well, he never existed.
Yeah,
go try to find a Jesus in first
century Yahuwdah.
You know, the so-called gospels,
two of them were written by Paul's pals,
co-collaborators with the man who was
demon possessed and written in Rome around
seventy-five to eighty CE.
two generations after the fact by people
who weren't even in the country at the
time, purely on hearsay.
And then Matthew and John were written by
imposters whose name we have no idea who
wrote them.
And we think one was written in Ephesus,
but we can't be sure.
Long, long, long way away.
And in between ninety five and one hundred
C.E.
So long after the fact that if you
want to pretend it was written by someone
who actually knew mythical Jesus,
he had been like ninety five years old
at a time when the average non-Roman
citizen lived to into their mid twenties.
And then.
Matthew is nothing but a crappy job of
plagiarizing.
A hundred percent of it is plagiarized
from three sources,
mostly from Mark and Luke,
but also from the Ebonites.
You got nothing.
There is no contemporary eyewitness
account.
Nothing.
There's no historic reference that's
contemporary.
Oh, but Josephus wrote of him.
Bull.
Josephus wasn't even born at the time.
And the best you could possibly say is
that there may have been a reference to
a quotation on the letters of Paul that
had been so disseminated throughout the
Roman world at the time of Josephus'
writing.
But even then,
you can't claim anything because the only
person that actually had access to the
Greek text in which he wrote was Eusebius,
and he is the one who jury-rigged most
of the Christian New Testament.
augmenting it and writing in the parts
that were required to turn it into a
religion.
He was the only one that had it
and his analysis of it is brain dead.
The oldest extant witness to what Josephus
wrote, who I'm saying again,
he wasn't even born at the time,
dates to the ninth century.
You got nothing.
I mean, literally you have nothing.
It is a religion based upon lies,
a pile of lies.
Well,
then there's another and another with
hundreds of affirmations from Yahowah's
perspective that Dowd is the most
important and enlightened person who ever
lived.
God had more to say about him and
through him than anyone else,
including Moshe.
A thousand prophecies.
with some of the most riveting found in
Mizmowr Psalm, which I'm retranslating.
I don't know if it's the twentieth time,
but certainly a lot.
And I'm beginning to understand it from an
entirely different perspective as to what
the eighty-ninth Psalm meant to Dowd,
meant to me and means to you.
It was delivered to Dowd to sober him
up.
Well,
my wife's meeting with him principally
sobered him up.
And then he had gone so far away
from Yahowah that he and Yahowah weren't
talking.
God reprimanded him over his terrible
decisions.
And then Dowd lashed out at God in
the fifty first psalm and saying
horrendous things.
It was worse than the meltdown of Moshe.
four hundred years earlier,
and they recorded in the eleventh chapter
of Numbers, if you're not aware of it.
Moshe said, the Israelis are impossible.
They're so obnoxious, God,
that I just assume you kill me because
no one can lead them.
And Dowd had it up to here and
he took it out against God.
That's what the fifty first Psalm is all
about.
To rectify that situation,
God had Ethan Ha Ezrachy inserted into
the situation to co-author the
Eighty-Ninth Psalm with him.
And it was delivered to Dowd to have
the king return to Yahowah to recognize
where he had gone wrong and to accept
his place in life.
It is essential to understand the role
that the Eighty-Ninth Psalm played.
Very near three thousand years.
year three thousand, Yah,
nine sixty eight BCE.
And what it means to you is that
it is the same words in that psalm
that lead you back to God,
that reconcile the differences between you
and Yahowah.
That psalm is the single most important
tool ever scribed to resolve relationships
between man and God.
Now,
Dowd's position with Yahowah is so obvious,
so important, and so undeniable.
It's astounding that billions upon
billions have bought into the
nullifications and misrepresentations
that are offered up by Judaism and
Christianity,
whereby most everything God had to say
about Dowd was either ignored or taken
from him and given to either Jesus or
Bar Kokhba.
Even today, the religion of Judaism
is expecting an unknown,
unnamed Messiah to return at some unknown
date.
They're a hundred and seven,
ninety-seven years off in their calendar.
They don't know the date that he's
supposed to return and they don't even
know who his name is.
And yet Yahowah told us explicitly,
it's Dowd.
He's returning on Yowm Kipurym in year six
thousand Yahowah,
that's twenty-thirty-three.
And he's the king forevermore.
Not in Judaism.
Certainly not in Christianity.
They're expecting someone coming,
second coming of Jesus.
He wasn't here the first time.
It's a myth.
Now,
I don't just say that off the cuff.
I've written five volumes to prove it.
Thirty-five hundred pages of absolute
proof from the Christian New Testament,
translated from the oldest extant
witnesses,
the
sixty-nine pre-Constantine manuscripts of
the christian new testament and I
juxtapose those citations against what
Yahowah actually said and they're
incongruent and with every errant citation
with every contradictory conclusion
Christianity is buried I've got a thousand
proofs that Christianity is a fraud
It's irrefutable.
Twistianity is the name of the series.
YadaYah.com, they're free, five volumes.
Actually,
I did the same thing to Islam through
the Goddamn Religion series.
They're a little longer,
also five volumes,
but they average eight hundred and twenty
five pages apiece using the exact same
approach.
And I've written three volumes to disprove
Judaism called the Babel series.
At the same time,
I've written another twenty five volumes.
to introduce Yahowah by translating the
oldest extant witness,
the Dead Sea Scrolls,
into an amplified translation that's
easily verifiable and vastly more complete
in its information while writing a running
commentary so that you could understand
what God said and apply it to your
life.
Finally, cutting through the confusion,
finally reintroducing Yahowah's name to his
people, Yahuwdym,
reminding them that they're not Jews,
they are Yahuwdym.
It's a combination of Yahowah's name and
Dowd's name, Yahuwd.
And reacquainting them with the fact that
Dowd is the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
He is the returning king.
And he is the savior,
having fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand Yah.
But through the confusion,
Yahuwdym have lost sight of the Son of
God, their Messiah, the King,
and indeed their Savior.
And the moment you say any of those
titles,
they just tense up because of all of
the hell they have endured from
Christians.
You know,
this nonsense that Christianity is derived
from Judaism or that Christians and Jews
share the same beginnings and culture.
No, absolute rubbish.
The Christian New Testament contradicts
the Towrah, prophets, and Psalms.
It does not grow out of them.
And the New Testament condemns and
dehumanizes Jews,
blaming them for killing their pretend
God.
You know, it's unbelievably stupid.
God is not a man.
Men cannot kill God.
It was the Romans that would have killed
this myth, should the myth have existed,
not the Jews.
But stupid is religion.
So an unfathomable number of Gentiles have
been lured away and to their deaths by
the resulting fraud.
And so many Jews have been deceived as
a derivative of it.
So I was not the first,
nor will I be the last to recognize
that Yahowah revealed himself to us and has
chosen to relate through his son, Dowd,
our shepherd, Messiah and King.
I am the only one, however,
that also discovered
that he was the Passover lamb.
Seven prophets spoke specifically of it in
addition to Dowd, Shamuw’el, Nathan, Ethan,
Ha Ezrachy, Howsha, Yasha'yah, Yirmayah,
and Zakaryah.
But
Why believe them when you can believe a
man who admitted to being demon possessed
and who never quoted Jesus, gospel Jesus,
never quoted God accurately even once,
never even mentioned God's name and
contradicted himself constantly and failed
all forms of logic,
making all manner of rational fallacies.
Why don't you believe Paul instead?
So we have already considered some of
these contradictions and we'll present
more of them as they are presented via
the concept of replacement foolology,
beginning with the earliest hints
throughout the Christian New Testament.
It opens with the first line of the
first book written as a complete
embarrassment to anybody that is informed
and rational.
But proof that Dowd is the one
begins all the way in the Towrah in
fact it begins in the first chapter of
the first book of the Towrah and genesis
one where he is presented as the greater
luminary as a sign for the Mowedym these
seven meetings annual meetings with Yahowah
he fulfilled the first three and will
fulfill the last two and the lesser
luminary fulfills the fourth and the fifth
so it
leaves countless souls estranged from the
covenant because well it's all been
ignored by past overlooked all the while
Yisraelites and Yahuwdym have become
oblivious to Dowd's role in their lives
past present and future it is my hope
that what we have discovered what I have
shared
will be found by and will resonate with
numerous Israelites and Yahuwdym as they
listen to what Yahowah inspired Dowd and
the other seven prophets that I have just
mentioned to write.
Many of His chosen people follow them home
if they do listen,
and that would be magnificent.
I don't think it's gonna happen between
now and the Shabuwah harvest,
but it will happen in a significant way
in the last three and a half years
of the time of Yisrael's trouble when ElYah
and Yada began to speak from atop the
Temple Mount during the final three and a
half years of that time of trouble,
concluding with the events of Taruwah in
twenty thirty three.
But with Gentiles,
as well as with the religious among them,
among the chosen, I should say,
I'm conflicted knowing that
there's going to be a horrible cost,
continue to be a horrible cost for the
crimes that both Jews and gowym have
committed against Yahowah, against his son,
against the covenant.
Fortunately,
knowing that the covenant participation
comes with requirements and
responsibilities,
God's going to use them to vet those
who listen to these translations,
go to the site and read them,
such that the family remains untainted by
the despicable deceptions of Christian
replacement theology and Jewish denial.
You see,
there are five conditions of the covenant.
The first to actually enumerate them based
upon what Yahowah discussed with
Abraham, five benefits of the covenant,
and the five benefits are delivered
through the first three Mow'ed Miqra,
which Dowd fulfilled,
which is why Yahowah says in the eighty
ninth Psalm that he established the
covenant with Dowd.
It's a very simple concept,
but what I've just shared is lost on
ninety nine point nine nine nine nine nine
nine nine percent of people in the world
and no one knew it.
prior to me discovering it.
And now I'm sharing it with you,
which means you now have no excuse.
You know the truth.
How you respond to it is up to
you.
The question Dowd asked in this Mizmowr
will be answered over the next seven
years, really,
albeit in steps with coming home and this
part of the Yada Yahowah series contributing
to move the world closer to the right
outcome.
that's what I'm sharing with you now this
is coming home volume two we know the
answer as do all of those who have
read these books or have listened to these
audio programs as part of the Yahowah blog
that based upon what we have learned but
we do not know um how many
People will finally respond,
nor do we really care.
That sounds crazy,
but it might sound crazy.
But you know,
I know in religion they're insistent on
having conversions because they believe
that the more people that convert to their
religion,
it validates their religion because they
have no other way to validate it.
I do not have a religion.
I do not have any beliefs.
I'm not seeking validation.
I know it's true.
I know it's false.
And so my goal is only to tell
you what is true.
How you respond to it is up to
you.
Yahowah, by all indications is an introvert.
Most of those who work for him are
introverts.
I'm thinking about becoming an introvert
again.
The fact is we're not looking for many.
We're looking for great.
And we're looking for people who are
observant, who are responsive,
who are thoughtful,
and who can be relied upon because they
engage.
They do stuff.
They're fun to be around.
And they can be depended upon.
That's what we're looking for.
And it doesn't matter to God or to
me or to Dowd if there's eight of
us, eight hundred of us,
or eight thousand of us,
or even eighty thousand.
It's not about the numbers.
It's not about quantity.
It's about quality.
And there just isn't much of that around.
So,
Dowd's advice and counsel have been
available for three thousand years now.
For nearly that long,
so has that of the seven prophets who
affirmed his declarations.
And yet,
fewer than one in a thousand people today
are aware of what God revealed in this
regard, while billions believe the liars.
That's a shame because there may be
nothing more important,
especially since Dowd is the living
embodiment of the covenant.
He is the one through whom God enabled
the benefits of the covenant by God's own
testimony.
And he represents everything that it's
important to Yahowah as his beloved son.
He is our savior.
He is our king.
He is our Messiah.
He is our shepherd.
He is the chosen one.
He more than anyone leads the willing to
God doing so.
through his words and deeds.
So he asks, knowing the answer,
but encouraging you to ponder it.
For how long on behalf of the enduring
witness, ad'an,
for what extent of time regarding the
eternal testimony will I set forth counsel
and advice through my soul
Through my soul,
the dissatisfaction of having been pushed
away, discarded and disregarded,
the grief, the anguish,
the sorrow of being thrust aside is upon
my heart and in my thinking every day.
For what extent of time
will the one who is in opposition to
me, the adversary,
be lifted up and exalted over me.
Mizmowr, lyrics to sing Psalm thirteen two.
This is so powerful.
I'm going to end this program on this
statement.
And all I'm going to do is make
a few comments on it so that it's
it's fresh in your mind,
so that you're thinking about it between
now and the next time that we can
broadcast here from our ocean studio,
because this is the kind of thing you
must be able to process.
You must be observant regarding what I've
just shared, thoughtful regarding it,
respond to it.
and demonstrate a ability to demonstrate
to God that you can be trusted regarding
these words.
For how long on behalf of the enduring
witness?
The restoring witness to the eternal
testimony is the lesser luminary to the
greater luminary.
The one who also serves as a sign
of the Mowedym.
He is the tree of knowledge that leads
us to the tree of lives with Dowd
being the tree of lives.
He is Dowd's herald.
So how long will this restoring witness to
the eternal testimony be set forth
regarding me and my counsel and advice?
My etsah
Oh my.
You know when etsah is used prophetically?
Are you thinking?
Are you able to be bein,
to make the connections,
to understand such that your mental acumen
can be quantified as Chakmah, wise?
Do you know where we find etsah?
Do you know what etsah is based upon?
If you do,
then you're already in the covenant
because you put the pieces of this puzzle
together and you understand the picture
that God has painted.
Because let me explain it to you.
Ets is tree.
There's two trees that matter.
Tree of lives representing Dowd.
Tree of knowledge.
Well,
that represents the Choter who is Yahowah,
who is Yada.
Etsah is all things pertaining to those
trees,
such that the advice and counsel that is
offered by Etsah is everything that the
tree of knowledge knows about Dowd, Yahowah,
the covenant, the Mowedym, time,
the people, places,
periods that these events play out.
It's the whole story from beginning to
end,
all framed with all the pieces correctly
positioned.
Etsah is the complete story.
from the tree of knowledge.
You know how we know it's from the
tree of knowledge?
Because God said so.
When God introduced the Choter,
who is probably the single most important
prophetic figure anywhere in the prophets.
And he said that this Choter will receive
the seven spirits of Yahowah,
including the very Ruwach of Yahowah.
And then he says,
he's going to have the spirit of Chokmah.
intelligence of mental acumen to be able
to figure this stuff out he is going
to have the spirit of Byn the very
word I just shared with you which means
he can make the connections to understand
he's going to have the spirit of etsah
He has presented the Choter as a branch
of a tree with roots.
He has said that it is a natsar.
It is a branch,
a stem that reaches out.
And then he says,
it's got the spirit of etsah,
this exact same word,
which is based on tree.
It's the feminine of tree.
because it's the tree of knowledge and the
ah ending,
where you take a masculine word, ets,
masculine for tree, and you make it etsah,
feminine for tree.
What you have done is combine the best
of men and women,
of intellect and emotion,
of defensive support and protection with
nurturing and loving care.
That's the etsah.
And what does God say?
He says that it's the etsah,
the spirit of etsah,
and the spirit of Da'ath.
Da'ath.
It's the ets Da'ath in the garden.
Da'ath means knowledge.
It's the ets Da'ath.
Now it's the etsah Da'ath.
And in between those two is the spirit
of Gibowr.
very thing that makes Dowd the very thing
I just shared with you that Dowd is
the gibowr he is the most courageous and
capable man of god but so is the
lesser luminary reflecting his brilliance
is also gibowr because Yahowah said so of
the choter that's how the whole story
comes together
And then he says it's through his soul
that these things are going to happen.
You know why he says it's through his
soul?
Because it's in his second life that this
materializes, and again in his third.
And it isn't in his body that's going
to Shamaym.
The body that was used to fulfill Passover
was entirely disposable.
It's the soul that occupied it that made
that body represent the Son of God and
to fulfill Passover.
Pesach.
But it was Dowd's soul who took the
guilt of every covenant member in sheowl
on Matsah to deposit it there,
never to be seen again.
All of this was accomplished through
Dowd's Nepesh, his soul.
And it is Dowd's soul that will be
put into another body to come back and
is third of three lives as our king
on Yom Kipurym.
And year six thousand, Yah,
twenty thirty three.
It was through his soul.
Souls matter.
Bodies don't.
This whole notion of of God was a
physical man is so utterly absurd.
God is not a man.
All of God won't fit into the entire
universe with two trillion galaxies.
It won't fit into all of the galaxies,
much less one galaxy,
much less one solar system within one
galaxy,
much less on one planet within one solar
system, much less in one man.
God is seven-dimensional.
We're three-dimensional.
It doesn't work.
God is not a man.
Men cannot kill God.
and bodily resurrection is the stuff of
the Egyptians.
How'd it work out for them?
It's utterly stupid.
It's counterproductive.
It's the soul that matters.
That's why this says, through my soul.
And then he laments because he should.
He volunteered to make this sacrifice,
being crucified by the Romans in
thirty-three CE on Passover,
going into hell,
to remove our guilt on Matsah,
depositing it where it would never be seen
again.
And then as the Bakowr, the firstborn son,
fulfilling Bikuwrym, firstborn children.
All as he said,
exactly when he said he would do so,
when he met with Daniel in five fifty
five BCE.
Yeah,
I know it because I was there and
I know when he fulfilled it because I
was there again.
And I know when he learned that he
would fulfill it because I was there also,
all three times.
You don't think so, I don't really care.
I know so.
It's evident.
Just as it is evident that Dowd did
all of these things.
And yet he is dissatisfied because he has
been pushed away.
He has been discarded.
He has been disregarded.
very heavy on his heart and in his
thinking every day, all of the time.
It's one thing to have decided that he
would serve us in this way.
It's another for us to spit on him,
bury him, disregard him.
You've been given the greatest gift in
universal history,
and you not only tossed it away,
you stomped on it,
and then you replaced it with a token.
Christians, Jews.
For what extent of time will the one
who is an opposition to me be lifted
up and exalted over me?
Not just talking about Paul, about Sha'uwl.
No.
He's talking about the demon that
possessed Sha'uwl, Satan.
Why don't you read the last chapter of
second Corinthians where Paul admits that
he was demon possessed.
It is Satan that has lifted himself up
as Jesus Christ.
It is Satan that is Allah.
It is Satan that is Hashem.
It is Satan that is the Lord God
of religion.
And they are all exalted over Dowd,
who is the Son of God, our Savior,
and Elyown,
the very presence of God in our world.
Very extension of God's hand.
And yet the religious Jews and Gentiles
alike have raised up the one who is
the adversary,
lifting him up and exalting him over
Dowd.
I'm going to stop there.
We'll return to this passage.
You can see I'm passionate about it.
It's the answer for everything.
I mean, here, just the thirteenth Psalm.
You ever heard anybody talk to you about
the thirteenth Psalm?
Am I the only one who has made
sense of it for you?
Am I the only one who is compelling
you to place it in your heart,
in your mind,
such that you can share this with others
so that it guides your life,
so that you have an appreciation for how
essential this knowledge is?
And for all those people that would
besmirch this calling that I have on
behalf of God to do this very thing,
I want you to process this because no
one knew it until I figured it out
and began to share it with you and
proved it over and over again.
May Yahowah bless.
It's been a pleasure being able to deliver
this passionate message from you as the
trade winds
roar through the palm fronds and the waves
of the ocean beneath my feet crash against
the shore, from my home to yours.
May Yah bless you all,
and I look forward to being with you
tomorrow.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch Yah on our next podcast.